Cassie, can I have some coffee?
Okay.
You heard about this broad
out in Weasley?
Oh, old-school,
newspaper, I like it.
Yeah... You know, the news
does come on your phone now,
it's a new thing.
Says the man
with ten thousand books.
Hmm. Thank you.
Makes her husband breakfast,
for 35 years.
One day, she starts putting
a little bit of antifreeze
on his orange juice
every morning.
Why, was he cold?
What we got here?
Oh... "Empiricism
and the Philosophy of Mind".
Bunch of crock.
Wilfrid Sellars wrote this?
Yeah, interesting guy.
You know Wilfrid Sellars?
No, but I know Peter Sellars.
Okay...
It took this guy eight months
to die from the antifreeze.
That's dedication.
You gotta give her points
for tenacity.
Come on. Eight months?
Can you imagine hating
anyone that much?
Honestly? I can think
of a few candidates, yeah.
How did they catch her?
Mmm... doesn't say.
Maybe they...
Maybe when they tried
to embalm the guy,
the formaldehyde wouldn't set.
"I pumped two barrels
of that shit into him
and it keeps leaking out."
Put him in the deep freeze
and he's still warm.
That's good, that's good.
- Thank you.
- Hi there, Cassie.
Cassie, can I get a coffee?
Already got you.
I guess I need it.
You're such a skinny dude.
Where you put all that?
My old man said I have
a hollow cock.
Really?
Your father said that,
"hollow cock". Interesting.
Yeah, he's a philosopher, too.
I'm going to go
right to the airport from here.
I have to go out of town
for a couple of days.
- You? What for?
- Yeah.
Personal stuff, no big deal.
I'll be back the day
after tomorrow.
Actually, I'll be back tomorrow.
- Personal?
- Yeah.
Good.
Because if Jericho found out
you went out of town on a job...
Give me a little credit,
I don't have a death wish.
Then why are you even going?
Like I said, personal.
No big deal.
I'll be back tomorrow.
Okay.
Yeah.
Are you okay?
Good.
Okay...
I'm going to get the check.
The check? We just got
the plate of food.
I know but I...
don't want to be late,
I have to get to the airport.
You got five minutes
to eat some food.
Hurry up,
take five minutes.
Jesus Christ...
All right, anything
comes up, call me.
What the hell?
When did you get the new car?
Oh... Eh... Oh.
So, you're not even going to
tell me where you're going now.
I'll tell you when I come back.
Apple.
Dog.
Ehm...
Car.
How are you today?
Well... you tell me.
My initial suspicions
were incorrect.
It's not Alzheimer's.
Okay.
What is it?
You're suffering
from a condition
known as
Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.
It presents initially in much
the same way as Alzheimer's.
So, what's the difference?
Speed of progression.
I'm guessing...
you don't mean it's slower.
In your case,
it's incredibly fast.
What's the treatment?
There's no treatment.
The thing you have to
remember about dementia
is the thought-feeling
connection.
You have a thought,
creates a feeling.
You lose a thought,
you're left with a feeling.
So, you'll be going along and...
all of a sudden,
you'll be unreasonably happy
and you won't know why.
Or you'll have
this wave of depression
and you won't know why.
You'll find yourself...
forgetting people,
even those you have
a connection with.
You'll become displaced
in time and space...
Right now, you're mostly lucid
with small patches of confusion
and mental lapse.
So, then it'll reverse.
The moments of lucidity
will become the exception
and eventually,
go away altogether.
How much time do I have?
It's progressing
more aggressively
than I would like...
- Uhm...
- How much time?
You're looking at weeks,
not months.
If you have any arrangements
to make,
I suggest you do so
as quickly as possible.
Do you have family
that can take care of you?
None that would.
All right.
Then, I suggest you look
into care facilities.
This is a very good place...
in your area.
I'm sorry.
That's okay, doc.
Even if I hated you
for telling me,
I'd forget soon enough.
What do you want to know?
I think you have secrets
you don't want to tell me.
Secrets are secrets,
so I can't tell you.
I finished
the last book you lent me.
Oh, yeah?
What did you think?
I liked it but
the end was stupid.
Really?
He just lets them chop off
his head
while the other guy walks away?
Well, see...
His whole character arc leads
to that moment. You know?
It's a... sacrifice
for the greater good, you know?
Mmm...
like the end of "Casablanca"?
Yeah, like the end
of "Casablanca," exactly.
It was bullshit, too.
Rick would take the girl
10 times out of 10.
"A far, far better thing"
my ass.
Wow.
Is everyone from Kraków
that cynical?
I'm not cynical, I'm realistic.
What day is it?
- Thursday?
- No, no, I mean...
I mean what date.
The fifth, does that
mean something?
It's my son's birthday,
who hasn't spoken with me
many, many years.
Why does he hate you so much?
I'm what the Science journals
refer to as a "lousy father."
Mmm...
He found out
what I did for a living.
Yeah?
- Yeah.
What do you do
for a living?
I work for the IRS.
Just like that, I hate you too.
I've been coming here
once a week for almost...
four years
and that's the first thing
you've said about yourself.
What do you want to know?
I'll tell you anything,
just ask me.
Is that your real name,
Aristotle?
No, it's a nickname
the guys in my platoon gave me,
I was in the first Gulf War
and I used to read a lot
of books,
like philosophy
and... like that.
I got to go.
The thing with your son
explains a lot, though.
What do you mean?
You know how they say
haunted houses have cold spots?
Stand in certain areas,
and a chill goes down your spine
like an artic breeze.
What the hell
you're talking about?
That's what's like here.
You walk in the door
and you feel it.
Only it isn't a ghost.
What is it?
Loneliness.
See you next Thursday,
not really Aristotle.
This guy's
a piece of work.
I don't care.
Human trafficker from España.
Why do we always
have to go through this?
Why do we have to
go through what?
You ask me if I want to know
the details of the job
and I say, "no, I really don't"
and then you tell me
the details of the job
and then I say, "shut up" and
we go through it again and again
and we always go through
the same thing
every fucking time!
The question is,
why don't you care
who the guy is?
Ready.
Hey, this could be
my last job for a while.
What the fuck is going on, John?
Nothing, I just need to
take care of a few things
I'll clear it with Jericho.
Okay, how long are you
going to be out?
Hard to say.
Come on. Let's go.
This motherfucker sells
men for human labor,
that's a thing now.
Jesus Christ.
I thought trafficking
was like sex shit.
Same thing every time.
Didn't we just go
through this at the car?
Why don't you care
who the guy is?
Because in ten minutes,
Tommy, he's not going to
be anybody.
Let's go get this done.
Damn it.
Hello?
Yeah.
Well, we were...
expecting only one person
to be there.
We got split up.
I guess he figured...
I don't know,
we could cover more ground.
And I heard shots...
Christ, Tommy.
I didn't mean to.
- Knox...
- I'm sorry, Tommy.
Yeah, he was.
Yeah. I made sure the scene
was clean and then I left.
Okay.
Thank you.
You're buying this?
Five bullets, three victims?
Had to happen fast.
Are you thinking
there's a third shooter?
There's no evidence of that.
Growing up, I hated my mother.
Is that right?
She was a stereotype,
overbearing,
Asian, hellicopter mom.
An "A" minus meant
I didn't have any pride.
My mother was a drunk, so...
- This is about me.
- Sorry.
She hates my chosen profession
but, ironically,
made me a good detective.
Realizing her wanting me
to excel was about her
and not me,
gave me my first lesson
in motive.
She taught me that the details
were important.
The answers lie
in the little things
other people,
she meant white people, overlook.
With all due respect,
is this going somewhere?
There's water
all over the floor.
That means the shower was on
when the curtain came down.
Okay.
- So?
- So,
he killed them, they killed him,
all in a hurry,
bang, bang, bang.
Who turned off the shower?
- Hey, Knox.
- Hey.
Sit down. Want a drink?
Yeah. Yeah, whisky.
So...
you just swing by to say hello?
No, closing out.
I have to do it
pretty quick, too.
- Quick?
- Yeah.
- Jericho knows?
- He can't.
That makes it tough.
Raise your commission, I guess.
I'm uh... I'm going away.
For good this time.
And I don't want this
blowing back on Jericho.
What happened?
A job went South.
I set the scene out to buy
myself some time but...
- It's not going to last long.
- I'm sure about that.
Three people,
all shot each other
with the same gun.
Yeah, that's not good.
My gun.
- That's worse.
- Yeah.
So time is of the essence.
How do you have your capital.
Mostly cash.
Got some paintings
you got to sell. Some stones.
- That's simple enough.
- Yeah.
A list of three people.
All three, equal shares.
Nothing in here
for Muncie's family?
Muncie didn't have anybody.
I can't have any of this
touch those people.
This money has to be clean.
Gather your assets,
I'll set it up.
A couple of days.
Hey, this stays
between you and me.
Yeah, and I'm going to tell who?
All right.
All right, thanks.
What's up?
This key doesn't work
on the... uh...
- The thing, the...
- Lock?
- Lock, yeah.
- All right.
Yeah, the green ones,
they go to our other facility,
out in Van Nuys.
Okay.
Hey, could you do me a favor?
Could you... uh... write down
the number...
- The address?
- The address.
Yeah, got you.
Sorry, I didn't mean to...
just to show up like this,
I should've called.
I didn't mean to ambush you,
I'm sorry.
Do I know you?
Okay, I guess I deserve that.
You got to know I wouldn't
be here unless I was desperate.
Okay? I need your help.
Dad, could you please
just talk to me?
Dad.
Miles... yeah.
Sure, Miles.
Come here. Come on in.
Thank you, I just...
Have a seat.
No, no, no, I'm... I'm sober.
Nine years.
That's your blood?
Yeah, my hand is... Uhm...
I cut it in a...
This is my blood
and that's someone else's.
Holy fuck!
I fucked up.
I fucked up really bad.
Okay... okay.
Okay, take it easy.
Catch your breath.
Tell me what happened.
I killed someone.
Did they deserve killing?
Okay, start there.
Okay.
You have
a granddaughter.
- Kaylee.
- How did you know about her?
Your mother told me,
right after she was born.
Yeah. Yeah, Kaylee.
What is she, like 12? 13?
She's 16.
Here...
- Cute kid.
- Yeah.
She's a kid.
And she met this guy...
Online. This...
piece of shit!
The guy was 32 years old.
This son of a bitch
gets her pregnant.
She's 16 years old,
she's my little girl.
So, I go over
to his house, you know?
I was just going to put
the fear of God on him.
And I show up and he's...
more than I expected. Okay?
He wouldn't shut up.
Just kept talking,
and talking and talking
about my fucking daughter.
Like, saying shit
about her, like...
"she loves it,"
"She wanted more."
Called her "ripe."
Called her ripe, dad!
Fuck! I just lost it.
So I grabbed a knife
and I sho...
I shoved it into his neck.
And I stabbed him.
I just... couldn't stop.
I didn't care.
Because I wasn't even
in the room, I was...
Did you bury this guy?
Did I bury him?
Yeah.
No, why?
Because if you did, I was
going to dig him up
and kill him again.
Oh, my God...
So, why did you come to me?
Are you kidding?
Well, I mean...
You're the only person
I know that can... I...
This isn't my world.
- I don't know how to...
- Get rid of a body.
I never asked you
for anything in my life.
Okay? And I'm here because
I had nowhere else to go.
Now you need me.
Yeah, that's what
this is, I'm desperate.
Okay? I'm so fucking desperate
that I'm here, at your house,
asking you for help.
Now, are you
going to help me or not?
Where's the murder weapon?
Here.
Put your clothes
in that plastic bag,
then take a shower
and scrub down everything.
Underneath the fingernails,
clean everything.
Then, afterwards,
I'm going to wrap and clean
that hand of yours.
- Then what?
- Then?
You go home to your wife
and you never
mention this again.
My whole life, I never
asked you for anything.
Yeah, you said that already.
Here, use that. I'm going to
need those boxers, too.
Hey, where's the body?
Write it down. Write it down.
There you are.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
I talked to her.
What did she say?
She wants you to take her.
What?
Well, I assumed this would be...
you know, like,
a mother-daughter thing.
Well, apparently it isn't.
What happened to your hand?
I have to tell you something.
All right, what do we got?
Elian Zubiri, out of Barcelona.
We're waiting
for the Interpol jacket
but safe to say he wasn't
a model citizen.
The woman was local,
Annette Elmora.
Yeah, we're thinking
maybe he picked her up
at a club or something.
You know, wrong place-wrong time
kind of thing.
Victim number three is
where it gets interesting.
Meet Thomas Muncie,
suspected hitter for Jericho.
Conspicuously missing
from the carnage,
this man, John Knox.
Traffic cam shot this
six blocks away
around the time of death.
Facial recognition flagged him.
That could just be
a driver, though.
We're sure this guy's a driver?
What's his jacket say?
Not much. He did a six-year
stretch for tax evasion
and that's only because
someone ratted them out.
Other than that
and his service record,
there's nothing on him.
Which means, whatever
this guy does for a living,
he's pretty good at it.
Smart, too.
According to the tax
auditor's notes,
John Knox holds two PhDs.
One in English Lit
and one in US History.
Even taught in Bucknell
a couple of years.
And we're thinking this guy
kills people for a living?
Why?
Hopefully, we'll get
to ask him ourselves.
What branch of service
was he in?
Army. He was a deep
reconnaissance officer.
Remind me what that is again?
Someone who goes off alone
behind enemy lines
for weeks at a time.
Then, maybe we just
bring him in
as a cooperating witness.
Friend-of-the-victim
kind of thing.
He might slip up
and give us something.
Does he seem like someone
who makes mistakes?
Hey, boss, check your texts.
Another body.
And now, we got three
on my board already.
Victim's Aryan Brotherhood.
That's your métier.
Métier? Really?
- John Knox.
- Hey!
- Hi.
- Is he upstairs?
Yeah. I'm supposed to think
he's doing the books.
- What's he really doing?
- Watching TV.
- I married a little boy.
- Yeah.
Well, he married up,
that's for sure.
Xavier! Coming up.
Look at this skinny
son of a bitch.
They rescued him
from a big cat sanctuary.
Locals toss him stray dogs
in a cave
so he can have something to eat.
Kind of reminds me of you.
You know, when I first found you
after your war.
I never ate a dog.
What's this,
grocery list?
It's a plan,
and I'm going to need your help.
Just read it.
Hey, Ludmilla looks good.
She still hasn't realized
what a mistake she made
marrying me.
You're learning any Russian?
Just the stuff she says
I need to know.
"Yes, dear." "Please."
All the essentials.
Okay, lay it on me.
Stabbed at least 17 times.
I put time of death between
3:00 and 8:00 p.m.
yesterday afternoon.
I'll get a more precise
time frame
when I get him to the shop.
- All right.
- Yeah.
Thanks, bro.
There's no murder weapon yet,
but there's a knife missing
from that kitchen block.
I mean, it doesn't even look
like anything was stolen.
He's got an expensive watch
on his wrist,
he's got a wallet
full of large bills...
I know this racist
piece of crap.
His name is Andrew Palmer.
He moves cash around
for the Aryan Brotherhood
but... he's a cog.
- Not a shot caller.
- So, he winds up dead.
There's no big mystery there.
But he also did a stretch
a few years back
for kiddie porn.
And this... this doesn't look
like business.
This looks personal.
Detective, gate guard out
front says
he was knocked out
last night.
I got this.
Bag the victim's computers,
any flash drives and discs.
- What are we looking for?
- You'll know when you see it.
Oh, and see if you can find
his phone,
he didn't have it on him.
Got it.
So, how long have you known?
Uh... not long.
Doc says this thing
moves pretty fast.
Oh, Jesus, Knox.
I can't think of anything worse.
Except maybe your pecker
stops working.
Actually, I'm looking forward
to forgetting some things.
Muncie... Christ.
I can't imagine what the--
That's like me shooting you.
I don't even remember
doing it. I mean, I know...
I know I did it but I have
no recollection of the event.
Well, count your blessings.
This is a radical plan.
It's the only way
I can figure it.
This kid's DNA is
all over the place.
He actually bled on the guy,
he's got his fingerprints
everywhere.
He might as well just
signed off on the job.
Still, if you don't
pull this off,
you're both fucked.
Yeah.
- I'm fucked either way.
- That's true.
That's why I'm asking you
to help me.
Look, just check in with me.
Just check in with me
now and then. You know?
- Make sure I'm on point.
- Yeah, of course, sure.
Just so you don't ever thing
this stupid plan is my idea.
I'm sure you'll remind me.
You want to know
the funny thing?
Let's say I pull this thing off,
I won't even know
if I did it or not.
It's encouraging.
This plan is
precision work, man.
- One hair out of place--
- Oh, I know.
I know.
I know I could pull this off.
The question is, can you?
So, you didn't see his face,
didn't see his height, nothing?
- No.
- Okay.
All right, thank you.
Beautiful day.
Sure.
What did you get?
Don't suppose he can
ID our killer.
No, he was attacked from behind.
He didn't see anything.
Happened a little before
three in the morning.
Doesn't fit the timeline.
M.E. said he was killed
before 8:00 p.m.
So you think the attack
on the guard is unrelated?
It's related, I'm just...
not sure how, yet.
They get anything off
these security cameras?
Well, that part is weird.
They feed into a DVR
in the utility closet.
- There's no hard drive.
- You mean it doesn't work?
No, I mean the tech
couldn't get playback
so we opened up the DVR
and looked inside,
no hard drive.
Found his phone.
Can't open it, though.
It's got one of those facial
recognition locks on it.
- Okay, head back inside.
- Okay.
What am I looking for?
His face. I assume
that's where it is...
Right.
Did you forget I was coming?
Oh... no, no.
How are you?
Good. I'm...
kind of knotted up.
That's why I'm here.
I finished the book.
It was... better but I knew
he was going to die in the end.
He kind of had to.
I'll find you another one here.
This is your ex?
Yeah.
- Well, she's gorgeous.
- Yeah.
Hey...
put that down--
Why don't I get ready?
Fuck me.
- These paintings are all real?
- Yeah.
- It's safer than cash.
- Are they worth a lot?
- Why do you have them?
- Part of my cashing-out process.
What?
- What do you mean "cashing out"?
- Forget I said it. Forget it.
Did you find me something?
Hello? You picked me
another book?
You want a book?
Knox, are you having
a stroke or something?
- Maybe you should sit down?
- You know what? Maybe...
Maybe it's better
if you just go.
Good idea.
Sorry.
I just got a...
Got a thing I got to do.
- Same time next week?
- Yeah.
Yeah, you bet, next week.
Are you sure you're
going to be okay?
Never better.
Here.
- Hi.
We have an appointment.
Last name's Knox.
Okay. All right, here it is.
You must be Kaylee. And you are?
I'm the father...
Her father, not the...
- I'm her dad.
- Okay, dad.
See, sign here.
Initial here, here and here.
Before we do the procedure,
the law says we have to
ask you a few questions.
Not about the father
of the child
or anything like that,
just to make sure
that you want to be here.
That'd be okay?
I guess so.
Good.
Now it's your turn.
I need a couple of signatures
from you,
starting here on the consent
form.
All right,
guys, have a sit.
Thank you.
Are you having
a stroke of something?
Xavier, hey.
I'm calling to make sure
you're on track.
- On track with what?
- Your cockamamie plan is what.
You got your notepad?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm on track,
don't worry about it.
He says "don't worry."
Do me a favor,
unlock your phone.
Permanently, no more passcode.
- Okay?
- Why?
Well, what if you need help
and you can't remember the code.
Right... right, okay.
Yeah, got it.
- You're there?
- Huh? Yeah.
I feel like I'm getting worse
every hour.
I'm running out of time.
So, stop wasting it
talking to me. Okay?
What?
I'm in the middle of dinner.
It's not even 4:30.
Oh, I'm almost 90.
Dinner time is
very important to me.
What's up?
Yeah, I'm looking at
some kind of locker key.
Do you know where that's from?
You never confided
in me where you keep
all your money.
I'm a crook, you know?
All right. Great, thanks,
I'll figure it out.
Hey, wait a minute.
Did you take the passcode
off your phone?
Ehm... yeah, I'm going to
do that now.
I'll do it right now. Okay?
Thanks. Say hi to Becky from me.
- Wait, who?
- Becky.
Ehm... okay.
- All right.
- How's he doing?
- He just called you Becky.
- Who's this Becky?
She was one of my wives.
I divorced her before
you were born, baby.
This business with Knox...
It's not good.
No.
It's not.
Shit.
I ordered some food,
this place has great ribs.
I'm a vegan. Should we...?
Should we be meeting
in public like this?
No one knows us here.
- How's the hand?
- Well, it...
- hurts.
- If anyone asks you about it,
you cut on broken glass.
You were at my house,
we were having a drink.
What? Why would I be
at your place?
You were looking for
your old Hot Wheels,
make something up.
- How are you doing?
- How am I doing?
Yeah, uhm...
Spent the day
at the abortion clinic with...
my 16-year-old daughter
so, bad, I guess.
Pretty bad.
Not sleeping, not eating.
I haven't eaten since yesterday.
Uhm...
My hair is falling out.
So, I'm about to lose
my goddamn mind.
Okay, okay.
You need to get a grip.
I don't know how
to do this, I'm not...
I'm not like you, you know?
I'm not a killer.
You are, though.
What?
A killer.
Damn good one, too.
Not half-assed.
I was out at the scene.
Let me put it to you this way:
that wasn't what you call
a proportional response.
- I lost it.
- Understandable.
But now I need you
to pull it all together, okay?
You're like
a walking confession.
I'll try harder.
No, do the opposite. Relax.
Okay.
Is she your only kid?
We... we lost one early on,
a miscarriage.
- Sorry, it's tough.
- Yeah.
More on Cheryl, actually.
What does she do, Cheryl?
Teaches fourth grade,
public school.
Yeah and... kids love her.
All right.
Boy, you guys are busy.
Working parents,
on the go all the time.
What's the typical day?
Tomorrow for instance,
what would you do tomorrow?
Go get breakfast somewhere
and walk around
Largemouth Village
and then Kaylee has
soccer and...
- You now.
- Do that. Do that.
- Just do that.
- Do that?
Yeah.
- We can't, she's laid up in bed.
Don't vary your routine,
do what you would normally do.
What happened to vegan?
Fuck it, I'm starving.
I've been starving
for six years.
You ever take the family
up to the cabin?
- The hunting cabin?
- Yeah.
I sold it, remember?
You signed the papers
two years ago.
These are so fucking good.
Yeah.
I remember that.
You know anything about the...
about if the owners...
I mean, if they use it...
full time or...
part time?
- The buyers?
- Yeah.
Well, I'm not renting it
to them. They...
I sold it to them.
They bought it, they own it.
I have no...
- Right.
- Why would I know what they do?
Okay, listen to me.
You just need to...
hold it together, okay?
We're almost there,
couple of days.
Okay.
Look at me.
I need you to use my balls.
What?
They're gonna connect Kaylee
to the dead guy.
Then they're gonna question you.
If you don't think you have
the balls for it, use mine.
Do whatever you think I would do
if I was on that chair.
All right?
What?
I never hated you, you know?
Well...
Be understandable if you did.
You were a good dad in your way.
I remember a lot of good.
I remember ball games.
I remember you teaching me...
how to hunt.
I remember you letting me
eat pancakes in the pool.
I worshiped you.
I wanted to be just like you.
Then, you know, I found out.
And I thought...
What if I did?
Did what?
What if I wound up
just like you?
And here we are.
Yeah, here we are.
All right... Gelfuso, you're up.
Okay. Scene was
definitely staged.
Ballistics says
all three victims
killed with the same gun.
Uh, didn't see that coming.
That's a fun one.
They find the gun?
Yeah.
It was the one
in shower guy's hand.
Five shots total.
Only prints on the gun belong
to the dead Spaniard.
Anybody holding out
for a triple murder-suicide?
That would be a neat trick.
Specially the part
where he reaches out
and turns off the shower
after he's already dead.
Nice catch.
Thank you.
What else?
I scoured
every surveillance camera
in the area.
I can't put anyone
in the house with Muncie.
Least of all is
John Knox's character.
We know Knox's movements?
He hasn't used
his credit card
since the murder.
Two days before them,
he flies from Burbank to
San Francisco for 22 hours.
Why?
That part,
I haven't figured out yet.
But I got him on the return
flight then he goes dark.
I think it's time we had a chat
with John Knox.
Go pick him up,
but bring him in voluntarily.
We got nothing
to hold him as a suspect.
All right.
Do you know what electives
you're gonna take this year?
Did you get your syllabus?
Yeah, I actually ended up
getting a class with Michelles.
Mhm!
I got
a pick-up order for Anthony.
I-I just think that it might be
too much this year.
Thanks.
- Very good.
I'm still gonna do soccer.
I think...
Hey, excuse me.
Yeah.
I saw you
looking at my daughter.
Do I know you?
No.
Hey! Oh, my God!
Fuck you!
John Knox?
Johnny Law.
We got something going on
we'd like to get your help with.
If you could come with us.
Voluntarily.
Sure.
Why not? It's my day off.
I'll grab a jacket
and I'll follow you down.
Or we could follow you down.
Better.
She's on my policy. I told you,
and I told the last person.
It was pre-approved.
Her doctor faxed it in.
You know, we go
through the same fuck...
damn thing every month.
D-don't put me on hold.
We got Knox set up
in Interview Two.
Anything on the other case?
Homer?
the prints we found don't
match anything on the system.
The ME confirmed
that there were
two blood types
on the scene,
but hadn't had time to run
DNA sequencing to look
for a match on the second guy.
It's always "guys" with you.
- Eh?
- You said "the second guy."
You also said the gate card
was grabbed from behind
by "the guy,"
even though he never saw
his attacker.
It's always "guys" with you.
Fine. The ME has not had time
to run DNA sequencing
to look for a match on the
second them, they or their.
- Is that better?
- Welcome to the 21st century.
Oh, my God.
Detective. How can I help you?
Save it for the tape.
Detective Emily Ikari,
interviewing potential
material witness, John Knox.
Case number 52698.
Interview is voluntary.
Commencing at 10:46 a.m.
Ah... please state your name
for the record.
John Knox.
Ah, full legal.
Need the middle name.
It's not a trick question.
Those come later.
John Henry Knox.
Okay. I don't know
what game this is,
but let's move on.
You said something about...
me being a witness?
I hope so. I'm working
on the death of your partner.
- I don't have a partner.
- Not anymore.
If you're referring
to Thomas Muncie,
he was an acquaintance.
We never did any work together.
I've been over the crime scene
a dozen times. Ah...
let me tell you
what I think happened.
Sure.
There were three dead bodies
in that room,
all shot with the same gun,
and staged to look
like they killed each other.
But... it was clumsy.
Spontaneous. It wasn't planned.
I think someone
killed Muncie by mistake
and tried to stage it
to cover it up.
Did you say Ikari?
Are you related to Peter Ikari?
That's my father.
Oh, hell.
I know Pete.
Get him in here.
I'll talk to him.
You know my father?
I just talked to him...
couple days ago.
He used to patrol
my neighborhood.
Mr. Knox, my father is dead.
What?
What happened?
He was shot in the line of duty.
Twelve years ago.
Where are you going
with all this?
Look.
As far
as the Muncie murder goes,
I wasn't there.
And if you had anything
to suggest that I was,
I'd be doing this interview
in a jumpsuit right now.
So, as far as you're concerned,
I'm Schrodinger's murderer.
Schro-what now?
At this moment...
I both did
and did not kill Muncie.
And with that,
I'm gonna get going.
What's your hurry?
I'm gonna be going away soon.
And before I do,
there are some things...
I better put right.
Interview suspended 10:52 a.m.
What in the fuck was that?
I don't know.
Strange fucking tactics.
So what's our next move?
Not sure.
How about we catch
our other killer
while I mull it over?
"Walker."
Walker. John Walker.
Damnit.
Miles?
John?
What's with the chrome?
What? Are you gonna shoot me?
The hell are you doing
in my kitchen?
Can't believe the key
is in the same spot.
- Let me get those groceries.
- No, no, no, no, no. No.
Don't touch the groceries.
What are you doing here?
I'm here.
Hey, I'm...
cashing out.
So there's gonna be...
gonna be some money
coming your way.
I don't want your money.
Let's... let's skip the part
where you pretend
you don't and...
I pretend to talk you into it.
Why are you cashing out?
Going away.
Of course you are.
I meant what I said
about the money.
I never wanted
anything from you...
except for you.
But I guess we both knew
that was too much to ask.
Yeah.
So, anyway. Uhm...
I need you to make sure
Miles takes his share.
That's...
That's harder.
Miles is harder.
Yeah. And have him...
So he can put...
ah... the girl...
She can go...
Go to the, uh...
You know.
Goddammit.
The big school.
College.
Yeah.
Yeah, uh...
I mean, you know,
something good has to come out
of all this.
How long you going away for?
There's no coming back
from this one.
They finally caught up
to you, uh?
You must be slipping.
Yeah.
Yeah, you could say that.
So, anyway...
yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Knox...
I still love you. Just a little.
As much as I hate you,
I wouldn't want to shoot you,
so...
call ahead next time.
Yeah.
There isn't gonna be
a next time.
You must be
slipping.
But I guess
we both know
that was too much to ask.
Knox.
Fucking...
John?
Sorry. Am I early?
No, uh...
I was just gonna... why don't I
jump in the shower?
Let's have a drink first.
I'll make you one for once.
I wasn't sure you'd want me here
after last time.
Why? What happened last time?
You got me worried, Knox.
Jesus, Ruby!
Don't worry about it.
I just gotta get a handle
on this last part of this thing.
How is the cash out coming?
I got the paintings
and I got the cash,
I just have
to get the stones here tonight.
The stones?
Yeah, the stones.
And then I gotta take them
to my guy.
He turns everything
into clean cash.
Then I just have to...
cut it into thirds.
Why thirds?
Only got three people
on the list. You're on the list.
I don't even
look like her, Knox.
Here's
to every Thursday afternoon.
You just get a hand job?
Better.
You're not gonna believe
what Tech just found.
- So tell me.
- No!
No. You gotta hear this
for yourself. Come on!
Okay,
everything we thought we'd find
based on his previous
arrest record.
Oh, God.
But where
it gets interesting
is in his live chats.
He was communicating
with half a dozen
young teen girls.
Convincing them to send nudes.
When we get the guy
who killed this asshole,
- we should give him a medal.
- First we let him loose
on a few other guys
I can think of.
It's always guys with you.
There's one girl
he talked to for over a year,
but then they actually started
to meet up IRL.
IRL?
In real life.
So say that.
They definitely
had sex.
A lot of sex.
They talked about it.
Extensively.
Anybody got a Tums?
Anyway, I was able to trace
her IP address.
She's a 16-year-old girl
in Silver Lake by the name
of Kaylee Iris Knox.
Okay.
Let's talk
to her and her parents.
Wait.
You said "Knox"?
I ran the family.
It's John Knox's granddaughter.
I'm sorry. Why do you want
to talk to our daughter?
Ah... we just have
a few questions for Kaylee.
And for your husband.
You guys are gonna be
right in here.
Oh, Mr. Knox.
Actually, we're gonna put you
in this room right over here.
Hang on a second.
Just be honest, okay?
Tell the truth.
Detective Ikari is gonna be
right with you.
Like, what if I did?
Detective Emily Ikari,
interviewing Miles Knox.
It is...
4:37 p.m.
Andrew Palmer.
What?
Pretty sure you know who he is.
I thought this was
about the fight at the café.
What fight at what café?
Okay...
What about that prick?
We know
what happened between you.
You called them?
You said you wouldn't call them.
- No, we didn't.
- No. You promised
if I went to the clinic,
you wouldn't tell on him.
Honey...
Kaylee, Kaylee.
Your parents didn't call us.
Neither your mom or your dad.
What's this about, then?
What do you want to know?
We found chats on his computer
between him and your daughter.
We're pretty sure
you know what's going on.
We know that he raped you.
H-he... he didn't rape me.
Did you arrest him?
No. He... he's not
in any trouble with the law.
Well, if you're asking me
if I want to press charges,
I don't wanna--
It's too late for that.
He's dead.
Good.
Was it an accident?
'Cause I hope he suffered.
I wanna show you something.
See that there?
That's your car.
Driving into the gated
neighborhood where Palmer lives.
This is about 20 minutes later.
See by the timestamp. See?
That's you, no doubt.
Yeah, that's me.
Yeah, I went to see him.
So what?
So, somewhere
in this time frame,
Palmer was stabbed to death
in his kitchen.
Wow. You can narrow the
time of death
to 20 minutes?
Modern science.
This is the part
where you tell me
you just went to warn him
to stay away from your daughter?
Yeah, it's exactly right.
And I might have punched him.
Mhm...
How did you cut your hand there?
On a glass.
We're gonna find
that glass in your house?
No, I was at...
What do you mean at my house?
Based on this video,
we obtained a warrant
for your house and your car.
They're being searched now.
I'm not gonna say another word
until my attorney gets here.
And that goes
for my underaged daughter.
Stop talking to her. Right now.
You all right?
Hey, man. Are you okay?
Yeah.
We got you.
Do you, now?
Don't say anything.
Sure.
I'll do the talking.
Show you what we found?
Your bloody clothes found
in a dumpster
behind your apartment.
What? Bullshit.
The murder weapon...
hidden in a heating vent
in your apartment.
No, no.
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
- That's not right.
- Miles, stop talking.
The knife has prints
all over it.
We'll be pulling yours
for comparison
in about five minutes.
Me? I'm confident.
Long, blonde hair recovered
from the lapel of your coat.
Would you wanna bet
it matches the victim?
Don't speak.
Miles Knox, I'm arresting you
for the murder of Andrew Palmer.
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say
can be held against you
in a court of law.
Here, a little coin
for your trouble.
I'm good. I'm glad
you guys showed up.
Take care of him.
Thank you.
All kinds of people
make this world, don't they?
Okay, pal.
How are you even here?
I'm the last person
you called, see?
Give Ludmilla your keys.
She'll drive your Caddy back.
I can drive my own car.
It's right
around the corner.
50 meters away. Come.
Hey,
congrats on the arrest.
Thanks.
I found out why Knox went
to San Francisco.
He was there to see a doctor.
!Ah... Doctor...
Frederick Burns.
The neurologist?
How do you know that?
Obviously,
I couldn't get
any medical records,
but the guy specializes
in treating dementia.
Okay. Good work.
Thank you.
Did you at least
get what you came for?
Yeah... yeah.
Xavier...
I can only remember about...
Three hours of today.
It's like a curtain coming down.
That's rough.
Why me?
I mean, you know.
Trained killer, Army,
and all that, I know, but...
Why'd you pull me in?
That brain of yours.
I knew you'd understand
the training
I was putting you through.
You know, in all this time...
Mhm?
Never left a print behind,
no DNA, nothing.
Mmm...
I learned from the master.
What's your count, anyway?
Two.
Two?
Come on.
The cabbie in Chicago and...
a woman in the shower.
Two civilians. Fuck.
You know...
Muncie...
he liked to talk
about the targets, you know.
Pimps, drug dealers, traffickers.
Yeah.
I think it made him feel better.
He never got what it was...
really all about.
Which was?
Guys caught behind enemy lines.
That's all.
So...
We only have two steps left.
Your visit and my call.
Visit and a call.
Visit and the call,
visit and the call.
I can do that.
Keep the notes in your pocket.
I'll remind you when to go.
You'll be done
tomorrow.
I'm scared.
Yeah
I figured.
Hey...
I need you to do
one more thing for me.
Finish my cash out.
Take my stuff to Philo.
You wanna put me
in charge of your money?
You know I'm a thief.
You're not gonna steal from me.
No...
Probably not.
Wait here. I'll bring it out.
Okay, yeah.
I'm sorry, Knox.
It's a lot of money.
Can't argue with that.
- Now what?
- Get the stones.
Ah...
Easy, easy, easy.
Where you going, huh?
Eh?
Knox...
How were you gonna
split the take?
Four equal shares.
That's funny?
Yeah, it is.
You were gonna get a third.
What?
You were one of the three.
You're thinking of your ex-wife.
No, Annie.
It was you.
My Thursday afternoon date
for the last four years.
My ex-wife, my son...
and you.
All you had to do...
was nothing.
He wants to make
a change to the list.
Take off the last name,
the hooker.
No problemo.
You split it even, fifty-fifty,
between the wife and the son.
Carve out something for you?
No, I'm good.
What the hell, Dad?
I don't understand why you'd--
Wait, wait, wait. Stop.
I don't understand...
Stop. Just listen to me.
I'm so confused.
I went to you for help.
Why? Why would you
do this to me?
You're the reason
I went to prison.
I'm what?
The tax evasion thing.
You're the one
who ratted me out.
What the hell? I didn't know
anything about you back then.
I did six years because of you.
No, no. That's not true.
That's not true, Dad.
Listen to me.
I think you're losing it.
Something's wrong with you.
Why would...
Why would you
think I would do that?
Look at me.
It was you.
You turned me in.
I did not! I didn't do it, Dad!
That's not true!
Dad, listen to me! Listen to me!
Dad! Goddammit!
Listen to me!
Why would I do that
even if I knew!
You're wrong!
- Hey, Ikari.
- What?
There's a problem
with the Palmer evidence.
- Which evidence?
- All of it.
It's a first. There is a problem
with the blood on the clothes.
Evidence of Erythromycin.
That's a molecular breakdown
consistent with freezing.
The blood on the clothes was
frozen for at least 12 hours
before it was thawed
and put on the fabric.
Put?
Yeah. Same with the knife.
Wait... that's not
the murder weapon?
No, it definitely is,
and the blood is the victim's.
The issue is
with the fingerprints.
No. I saw the comparison.
They matched
Miles Knox's prints,
no question.
Yes, but they contained
traces of monomers.
Butyl acrylate
and methyl methacrylate.
Packing tape.
Also, some sort
of household spice.
I'm sorry, detective.
The prints on the knife
were planted.
Planted?
Christ...
And then, there's the hair
from the coat.
It's really impossible
that this was
the only thing we found.
I've been over this three times.
In my opinion, this jacket
was never anywhere
near the crime scene.
But we have the video.
Yeah... about that...
Fuck me!
Hey.
You're almost home.
One more step.
Okay.
I'm gonna
make the call.
You just sit tight.
Oh, did you get rid
of the notebook?
Yeah, I did.
Because this all goes to hell
if they find the notebook.
You understand?
It's gone.
What did you do
with it?
I burned it.
Okay.
I'll make the call
and it's over.
Yeah, good.
Hey, eh... X.
You should...
probably tell her I got
three dead bodies over here.
Do you have...
three dead bodies in there?
I do.
- Three?
-   [Knox] Three.
Oh, John.
Yeah.
Listen...
Good luck.
It's
almost imperceptible
to the naked eye,
but there's a jump there.
And if you go
into the root file,
someone clearly deleted
the original timestamp
and wrote over it.
Hard to spot, but it's there.
Meaning what?
He could have driven
in-and-out of the gate
on any day, at any time.
The footage was
simply spliced in.
Miles Knox was framed?
It's what it looks like.
It doesn't add up.
Nothing makes sense.
Detective Ikari.
- Not now.
- There's a phone call for you.
I said not now!
Okay, but...
This guy says
it has something to do
with John Knox.
This is detective Ikari.
You know Aristotle Knox?
You should get up
to his bungalow
Why the hell would I do that?
He's got
three dead bodies in there.
Who is this?
An anonymous, concerned citizen.
Don't move! Do not move!
God bodies.
What happened?
Jesus, Knox.
Put your hands
behind your back.
All right.
Let's go.
Hey, hey! Ikari!
You're gonna want
to check this out.
Why would he...?
What the hell is this?
What?
Jesus Christ.
It was him.
My client won't be
making any statements.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'll do the talking again.
You can wait outside.
So, Miles.
We know you didn't kill
Andrew Palmer.
What?
You're in the clear.
We're dropping all the charges.
You'll walk out of here
in half an hour a free man.
But first, tell me again
how you cut your hand.
On a broken glass.
Where?
At my father's house.
Why were you there?
Don't say anything.
At least...
tell me about your dad.
In general terms.
Don't.
- Wait.
In general terms?
A lousy jerk.
And a hothead?
Yeah, that's right.
He's abusive.
He's a despicable human being.
See, I get that.
But how big a prick
do you need to be...
to frame your own son
for murder?
I don't follow.
I got all the evidence.
Everything he used to frame you
was in his house.
He planted your prints
on the murder weapon,
hid it in your wall,
put the victim's blood
on your clothes,
his hair on your clothes.
Put your blood
from that broken glass
at the murder scene.
Why would he do that?
Why does he hate you so much?
'Cause I turned him in.
What do you mean?
The tax case
he went to prison for.
I was the one
who called the IRS.
Mhm... no.
The file says that was
someone named--
File's wrong.
It was me.
We never could tie
that gun to you.
Looks like you got away
with that one.
But just between us...
tell me.
It was you who shot Muncie,
wasn't it?
Muncie coming?
Muncie is dead.
You killed him.
They have newspapers here.
Muncie likes
to read the newspaper.
0-5-2-3!
Sorry.
He's not doing well.
Why do you wanna see him?
He tried to frame you.
Yeah, I mean...
He still killed the man
who raped my daughter.
And that's okay
with you? Murder?
If I could, I'd dig Palmer up
and I'd kill him again.
By the way, they're moving him
to a medical facility tomorrow.
I tried to get
a move sooner, but...
bureaucracy.
He went so fast, didn't he?
Fortunately for you.
How do you mean?
If he hadn't been
losing his mind,
he might have gotten away
with framing you.
Lucky for me, then.
Yeah.
Hey, Dad.
Is it Sunday?
No, no. It's not.
It's Wednesday, Dad.
- Why?
- Well...
My son likes football.
Is that so?
Yeah.
Sometimes we go
to the Rose Bowl.
I bet he loves that.
Yeah?
- Yeah.
But...
Sunday...
I love you, Dad.
Yeah.
Who wants to get beat?
- I don't know it.